Hi Malvika,
Yesterday, I was told to get off the project as well as the team by team lead as well as my manager without any prior notice or discussion about my performance
or discipline.
I was said a lot of things like 'you should get lesser salary' and other unsatisfactory remarks
.I dont know what I am supposed to do as I am shocked and lost for words. I was not prepared for any such meeting as my manager masked the
subject as "Glance reprioritaztion and availabilty". (Glance is project name)
I did not even get a chance to properly explain myself as I was flooded with allegations by the team lead
.I had joined the team just 2 months back and my manager never even discussed with me or gave any feedback about any issue relating with performance or discipline.
.Just after the meeting my code was rejected by my manager without any reason even after passing all the checks, denying me even
minute satisfaction of completing a part of the project in which I have put in hours.
I kindly request you to tell me what are my responsibilites which I need to fulfill going forward

Thanks and Regards
Shashant Nagpure
SN91698




Today I was told to get off Glance as well as the team by Shashank, with Rhushiraj. 
Without any prior notice or discussion about my performance or discipline, it came as a shock when I was belittled and mocked. I was said things like 
"you should get less salary" and a lot of unsatisfactory things which borders on bullying. I was not aware about this meeting beforehand as Rhushiraj 
named it "Glance reprioritization and Availabilty"
I dont know if this is politics or personal vendetta by the said person, who could have talked to me atleast once and addressed this issue because he is supposed 
to be my manager. 

I know a lot of issues and escalations are happening with Glance but that does not make me the scapegoat. Regarding the issue which we know is happening
because Anusua's password had expired and refreshing is not happening. This information was known to Rhushi for a long amount of time before it actually did expire.
This issue could have easily fixed before I joined or given priority after, if it had not been neglected it until it finally broke.
I was blamed for all the issues happening in Glance in the meeting by Shashank. I find this amusing to be honest because not a single line of my code was in
production, and still I was held guilty


I did not have any ill feelings toward anyone before this, but this really makes me doubt this person. To be so cold hearted and go behind my back, which I find
find so hard to explain myself as why would someone do this.


I have put in hours understanding the code,if you can just look at my sticky notes which is filled with info regarding glance. I was confident that I know the
project well enough to take it forward
I have completed the udeploy component successfully, which nobody cared to look at, even after informing rhushiraj

Even my code was rejected just after the meeting to mock me.It was told to me by Rhushi that my code quality is not good enough in front of Shashank
Frankly, I was not aware of the sonar checks before raising the pull request, because I have not worked with Bitbucket before which is true for many grads 
who did not get much work in the first rotation.But I fixed those sonar issues in 1-2 days and it has since passed all the checks.

I find this very demeaning and unprofessional to be thrown out of the project as well as the team in such a harsh manner without any prior discussion, 
for my code to be rejected without any reason, and denied of even minute satisfaction of working here.
