Appreciate your time today
Its been a pleasure talking with you.
Thanks for the conversation,appreciate your time,have a good day


Can you tell me a little about yourself?
I’m working as a full stack developer for one year at Citi Bank since last October. Before that I completed my Btech in Electrical Engineering.The technologies that I work on are c++,java and angular….. I am looking forward to learning new things and improving my understanding on a daily basis…..Ending missing

Why are you looking for a job change?
 I have learnt a great deal working at Citi, but I am looking for a change primarily for enhancing my skills, and continue growing in it.
Because I felt sometimes that growth was little slow, as co
mpared to what I expect from myself.
and thats why I want work at an organization, where work would be more dynamic and I expect there will a lots areas to grow for me.
Where do you see yourself in five years?
What are your greatest professional strengths?
What do you consider to be your weaknesses?
What excites you about software?Why do you want to be in software?
How do you deal with pressure or stressful situations?
Asked about the challenges faced in your current company?
Mostly all the technologies that are worked on was new to me, I have not used java or angular or databases previously, so it was exciting to learning these things.So I was a little unsure initially, but after few weeks, I got comfortable in it and started enjoying it.

Give me an example of a project that didn’t work out well?
When did you take a risk, make a mistake, or fail? How did you respond, and how did you grow from that experience?
Why amazon?
He asked to explain any project which I am proud of and some cross-questioning happened while explaining the project
Disagreements with manager/boss or decision you took(ownership,backbone):                             When I was working on the first project on developing mongodb GUI, there was some issues with the database calls,because the queries were slower than expected. I told my team lead about it, so he said this yes,this was an issue that was coming up and asked me to read more about it, and explain to him what was the reason,because we had recently migrated to mongodb from oracle. So i studied about and shared with him about performance of mongodb flat vs relational vs oracle.There was a call with another team as well, where I explained them about this issue. It was not a disagreement but I was just curious why we shifted to mongo in the first place.
In the first project, after I completed a version, when everything was working nicely, all the operations were working correctly, my team lead suggested that I need to change the format of ui.Like earlier it was in a vertical structure and he was horizontly where we had to scroll horizontly. My first response was it wont look good and many things have to be changed to do this…...But then it was more from a point that this tool will also be by higher management, and it will be more readable if its done that way. I understood what he was saying and where he’s coming from, so then i started showing different ideas about it in the UX,showing data in a matrix and horizontal format…….So it turned out well in the end, as I learned more about prototyping and using UX tools and also improved my css skills.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CUSTOMER OBSESSION: Walk us through a time when you helped a customer through a difficult process and what that looked like.
OWNERSHIP: Give me a example of when you took a risk and it failed.
INVENT AND SIMPLIFY: Tell me a time when you created an innovative product.
ARE RIGHT, A LOT: Tell me about a time when you observed two business opportunities to improve ROI, and how did you determine that they were connected.
LEARN AND BE CURIOUS: How do you find the time to stay inspired, acquire new knowledge, innovate in your work?
HIRE AND DEVELOP THE BEST: Tell me about a time when you had to deal with a poor performer on your team.
INSIST ON THE HIGHEST STANDARDS: Tell me about a time when you could have stopped working but persisted.
THINK BIG: Tell me about a time when you proposed a new business.
BIAS FOR ACTION: Describe how you would handle a busy situation where three people are waiting for help from you.
FRUGALITY: Tell me about a time where you thought of a clever new way to save money for the company.
EARN TRUST: Tell me a time when you earned trust of a group.
DIVE DEEP: Tell me about a time when you had to dive deep into the data and the results you achieved.
HAVE BACKBONE, DISAGREE AND COMMIT : Tell me about the most difficult interaction you had at work.
DELIVER RESULTS: Tell me about a time where you overcame an obstacle and delivered results.
 
